Third Party Legal Notice
-----------------------------------------------------------------

AutoMapper 10.1.1, Jimmy Bogard
https://www.nuget.org/packages/AutoMapper/10.1.1/ReportAbuse

Azure.Identity, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Azure.ResourceManager.Compute, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Azure.ResourceManager.Network, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Azure.ResourceManager.Storage, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Azure.Security.KeyVault.Secrets, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

CommandLineParser, gsscoder,nemec,ericnewton76,moh-hassan
https://www.nuget.org/packages/CommandLineParser/2.8.0/license

EFCore.BulkExtensions, borisdj
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/Apache-2.0

Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http, Microsoft
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aspnet/AspNetCore/2.0.0/LICENSE.txt

Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions, Microsoft
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aspnet/AspNetCore/2.0.0/LICENSE.txt

Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticFiles, Microsoft
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aspnet/AspNetCore/2.0.0/LICENSE.txt

Microsoft.Azure.Management.Fluent, Microsoft
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Microsoft/dotnet/master/LICENSE

Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceManager.Fluent, Microsoft
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Microsoft/dotnet/master/LICENSE

Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication, Microsoft
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Microsoft/dotnet/master/LICENSE

Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/Apache-2.0

Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/Apache-2.0

Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Tools, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/Apache-2.0

Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.AzureKeyVault, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/Apache-2.0

Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.UserSecrets, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Microsoft.Extensions.Http, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.AzureAppServices, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/Apache-2.0

Microsoft.Graph, Microsoft
https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Graph/3.33.0/license

Microsoft.Identity.Web.MicrosoftGraph, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Microsoft.Identity.Web.UI, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Microsoft.Win32.Registry, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

System.Data.SQLite
https://www.sqlite.org/copyright.html

Newtonsoft.Json, James Newton-King
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

System.Diagnostics.PerformanceCounter, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

System.IO.FileSystem, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

System.Management, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData, Microsoft
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

TaskScheduler, David Hall
https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT

Angular Frontend
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Angular
https://angular.io/license

Bootstrap
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/about/license/

@akveo/ng2-completer
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@akveo/ng2-completer

@angular/animations
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@angular/animations

@asymmetrik/ngx-leaflet
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@asymmetrik/ngx-leaflet

@babel/core
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@babel/core

@nebular
https://www.npmjs.com/package/nebular

@ng-bootstrap
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ng-bootstrap/ng-bootstrap

@ng-select
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ng-select/ng-select

@swimlane/ngx-charts
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@swimlane/ngx-charts

@tinymce/tinymce-angular
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tinymce/tinymce-angular

add
https://www.npmjs.com/package/add

angular2-chartjs
https://www.npmjs.com/package/angular2-chartjs

chart.js
https://www.npmjs.com/package/chart.js

ckeditor
https://www.npmjs.com/package/ckeditor

classlist.js
https://www.npmjs.com/package/classlist.js

core-js
https://www.npmjs.com/package/core-js

echarts
https://www.npmjs.com/package/echarts

eva-icons
https://www.npmjs.com/package/eva-icons

intl
https://www.npmjs.com/package/intl

ionicons
https://www.npmjs.com/package/ionicons

leaflet
https://www.npmjs.com/package/leaflet

monaco-editor
https://www.npmjs.com/package/monaco-editor

nebular-icons
https://www.npmjs.com/package/nebular-icons

ng2-ckeditor
https://www.npmjs.com/package/ng2-ckeditor

ng2-completer
https://www.npmjs.com/package/ng2-completer

ng2-smart-table
https://www.npmjs.com/package/ng2-smart-table

ngx-echarts
https://www.npmjs.com/package/ngx-echarts

ngx-monaco-editor
https://www.npmjs.com/package/ngx-monaco-editor

normalize.css
https://www.npmjs.com/package/normalize.css

pace-js
https://www.npmjs.com/package/pace-js

roboto-fontface
https://www.npmjs.com/package/roboto-fontface

rxjs
https://www.npmjs.com/package/rxjs

rxjs-compat
https://www.npmjs.com/package/rxjs-compat

sass
https://www.npmjs.com/package/sass

socicon
https://www.npmjs.com/package/socicon

style-loader
https://www.npmjs.com/package/style-loader

tinymce
https://www.npmjs.com/package/tinymce

tslib
https://www.npmjs.com/package/tslib

typeface-exo
https://www.npmjs.com/package/typeface-exo

web-animations-js
https://www.npmjs.com/package/web-animations-js

zone.js
https://www.npmjs.com/package/zone.js



